Agent documentation. (#1443)
inmanta/inmanta: docs/install/2-configure-agents.rst

Configure agents
****************

Inmanta agents can be started automatically (auto-started agents) or manually (manually-started agents). This section
describes how both types of agents can be set up and configured. Inmanta agents only run on Linux.

Auto-started agents
-------------------

Auto-started agents always run on the Inmanta server. The Inmanta server manages the full lifecycle of these agents.

Requirements
============

The following requirements should be met for agents that don't map to the Inmanta server (i.e. The managed device is remote
with respect to the Inmanta server and the agent has to execute I/O operations on the remote machine using ``self._io``):

* The Inmanta server should have passphraseless SSH access on the machine it maps to. More information on how to set up SSH
  connectivity can be found at :ref:`configure_server_step_6`

> * The remote machine should have a Python2 interpreter installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The remote machine should have a Python 2 or 3 interpreter installed. The default binary is executed is python.
```

Auto-started agents start when they are required by a specific deployment or when the Inmanta server starts if the
``autostart_on_start`` setting is set to true.

Configuring the autostart_agent_map via the std::AgentConfig entity
===================================================================

The :inmanta:entity:`std::AgentConfig` entity provides functionality to add an entry to the ``autostart_agent_map`` of a
specific environment. As such, the auto-started agents can be managed in the configuration model.

Manually-started agents
-----------------------

Manually started agents can be run on any Linux device, but they should be started and configured manually as the name
suggests.

Requirements
============

The following requirements should be met for agents that don't map to the host running the agent process (i.e. The managed
device is remote with respect to the Inmanta agent and the agent has to execute I/O operations on the remote machine using
``self._io``):

* The Inmanta agent should have passphraseless SSH access on the machine it maps to. More information on how to set up SSH
  connectivity can be found at :ref:`configure_server_step_6`

> * The remote machine should have a Python2 interpreter installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The remote machine should have a Python 2 or 3 interpreter installed. The default binary is executed is python.```
